Document Content Slices support in the Prismic module (#218)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/prismic/content-slices.md

## How to use Slices?

Integrating a Prismic Slice Zone and its Slices into your project is a 3 steps process:

<!-- Workaround for https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one#table-of-contents -->
<!-- no toc -->
1. [expose data in GraphQL](#Expose-data-in-GraphQL)
2. [create a Slice library](#Create-a-Slice-library) related to these GraphQL types. A library is composed of pairs of React Components and GraphQL fragments.
3. [update your static pages to retrieve the content dynamically](#Retrieve-and-display-content) and use the SliceZone component of your library to display the data appropriately

## Expose data in GraphQL

In this example, we will add a Slice Zone with 3 types of Slices to an existing home page.

First, **update your GraphQL Schema** to reflect the Slice Zone definition. A Slice Zone will be designed as a [GraphQL union type](https://graphql.org/learn/schema/#union-types).

```diff
type Homepage {

>   some_text: String

Reviewer: some_text and sales_date do not seem relevant here, they can be removed I think

  title: String
  sales_date: Date
+  mainContent: [HomePageSlice]
}
+
+ union HomePageSlice = Carousel | Push | FeaturedProducts
+
+ type FeaturedProducts {
+   sectionTitle: String
+   category: Category
+ }
+ type Carousel {
+   slides: [CarouselSlide]
+ }
+ type Push {

> +   blocks: [PushBlock]

Reviewer: since PushBlock is used in the example below, it would be nice to have the full type here

Author: Totally!

+ }
```

In your resolvers, load your content as usual [with the Prismic loader](/docs/prismic/expose-content.html#Methods-to-query-content).

> In addition to the `fieldTransformers` parameter (for fields), the loader methods accept a `supportedSlices` key. It allows to define to data format for Slices supported by the content type, when a Slice Zone is configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the `fieldTransformers` parameter (for fields), the loader methods accept a `supportedSlices` key. It allows to define data format for Slices supported by the content type, when a Slice Zone is configured.
```

It a bit ambiguous imo

Reviewer: I would even rephrase it with something like:

```suggestion
In addition to [the `fieldTransformers` parameter](/docs/prismic/expose-content.html#Field-Transformers), the loader methods accept a `supportedSlices` key. It allows to define to a data structure for the Slices available in the Custom Type.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedbacks. I struggled for a few minutes on this one and tried several things without being satisfied!

> For a content type containing a title and a Slice Zone with only one type of Slice (`featured_products` exposed under the GraphQL `FeaturedProducts` type), the change would look like this:

Reviewer: nit: s/content type/custom type/g

```diff
{
  fieldTransformers: {
    title: new TitleTransformer(),
  },
+  supportedSlices: [
+    new Slice("featured_products", { // Slice type as defined in Prismic
+      graphQLType: "FeaturedProducts", // type name as defined in your Schema
+      fieldTransformers: {
+        section_title: new TitleTransformer(),
+      },
+    }),
+    // ... add other Slice definitions here
+  ],
};
```

The resolved content will now contain Slices contributed for the Slice Zone in the `content.body` field. Repeatable fields in a Slice are always made available under the `content.items` field of the Slice content.

Here is an example showcasing how resolvers could allow to adapt Prismic content to the schema you've designed (and overcome the technical naming constraint brought by Prismic):

```js
// resolvers.js
export default {
  // […]
  Homepage: {
    mainContent: (content) => content.body,
  },

  Carousel: {
    slides: (content) => content.items,
  },

>   CarouselSlide: {

Reviewer: and same remark here instead of CarouselSide resolver, I would put the PushBlock one to have an (almost fully) working example

```js
// theme/modules/Slices/Home/Push/Push.js
import React from "react";
//[…]

const Push = ({ data }) => {
  return (
    <div className="container">
      <Grid>
        {data.blocks.map((block, index) => (
          <Cell size={block.cellSize} key={index}>
            <PushBlock imageSrc={block.image} format={block.format}>
              <H2>{block.title}</H2>
              <Link buttonAppearance="default" to={block.cta.url}>
                {block.cta.text}
              </Link>
            </PushBlock>
          </Cell>
        ))}
      </Grid>
    </div>
  );
};

export default Push;
```

and the related GraphQL fragment describing data dependencies:

```graphql
# theme/modules/Slices/Home/Push/PushFragment.gql
fragment PushFragment on Push {
  blocks {
    title
    image
    cta {
      url
      text
    }
    format
    cellSize
  }
}
```

### Define the Slice library

Several components and their fragments can now be assembled together in a Slice library. Here is how to achieve this with the `makeSliceLibrary` factory:

```js
// theme/modules/Slices/Home/index.js
import makeSliceLibrary from "theme/modules/Prismic/Slices/makeSliceLibrary";

> // "HomePageSlice" is the name of the GraphQL type exposing the Slice Zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// "HomePageSlice" is the name of the GraphQL union type exposing the Slice Zone
```
